Vehicle_Matrix.xlsx explanation:
  This excel table is based on the basic statistics of each vehicle identified. This brings a database of all of the different types of vehicles and their make, model, type, engineTYpe, DoorCount, and color to the project. 

Vehicle_UML.drawio explanation:
  This is an Instantiable Object Class Inheritance UML Design. It is only Object Names. These instantiable objects include: Class, Abstract Class, and Interface. It is important for the project because it shows the relationships between the classes. (parent, children, etc.) I figured it would start with Vehicle as highest parent class. Its children would be Vehicle Makes. Vehicle also has the child class Type. The reason I set it up this way is because in my mind ALL vehicles have a doorCount, engineType, and color. A separate class is needed for makes because there are different name brands (makes) for each vehicle. This class extends vehicle in the sense that it still has the attributes of vehicle such as doorCount, engineType, and color. I chose the class child "Type" to also extend vehicle class and its attributes, but also have attributes of its own such as being a Sedan, Coupe, or Truck. The Model class extends the Make class because there are certain models that belong to each make.  All of the arrows are association. The online version of visio doesnt have the correct arrow for association (the correct arrow is not filled in); so, I used the closest one the online visio software offered. 
